Extended version of allowedDeviationXY (#328)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

---| --- |--- | ---
**allowedDeviationXY** { | | JSON object | Indicates how precisely a vehicle shall match the position of a node for it to be considered traversed.<br>(see also [6.6.3 Order cancellation (by master control)](#663-order-cancellation-by-master-control) and [6.10.2 Traversal of nodes and entering/leaving edges, triggering of actions](#6102-traversal-of-nodes-and-enteringleaving-edges-triggering-of-actions)).<br><br> If `a` = `b`= 0.0: no deviation is allowed, which means the vehicle shall reach or pass the node position with the vehicle control point as precisely as is technically possible for the vehicle. This applies also if `allowedDeviationXY` is smaller than what is technically viable for the vehicle. If the vehicle supports this attribute, but it is not defined for this node by Master Control the vehicle shall assume the value of `a` and `b` as 0.0.<br> The coordinates of the node defines the center of the ellipse.<br>A point *(x,y)* is on or inside an ellipse if *b^2 x + a^2 y <= a^2 b^2*
a | m | float64 | length of the ellipse semi-major axis	in meters.
b | m | float64 | length of the ellipse semi-minor axis in meters.

> theta<br>} | rad | float64 | rotation angle (the angle from the positive horizontal axis to the ellipse's major axis inside the global coordinate system).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
theta<br>} | rad | float64 | rotation angle (the angle from the positive horizontal axis to the ellipse's major axis inside the project-specific coordinate system).
```
